feat(Azure): Added the important note about the availability of the se… (#15993)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/microsoft-azure-integrations/get-started/azure-native.mdx

On top of that, you can then use New Relic for other non-Azure-related monitoring you might need, using any of [our 500+ integrations](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability). 

<Callout variant="important">

> This service is only available for customers who opt to have Azure host their NR data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service is only available for customers who opt to have Azure host their New Relic data.
```
